[MRG] Add Jupyter Community Calls (#425)
jupyter/jupyter: docs/source/community/content-community.rst

Each team has their own processes around logistics and planning for the team meetings. The
following pages should help you find the information for each.

> **All-Jupyter Community Calls** happen on the last Tuesday of every month, and are focused around demo-ing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**All-Jupyter Community Calls** happen on the last Tuesday of every month, and are focused around demonstrations
```

> **All-Jupyter Community Calls** happens on the last Tuesday of every month, and are focused around demo-ing

Reviewer 2: happens -> happen
